add fly.io deployment guide (#4324)
phoenixframework/phoenix: guides/deployment/deployment.md

  * [with Elixir's releases](releases.html)
  * [to Gigalixir](gigalixir.html), an Elixir-centric Platform as a Service (PaaS)

>   * [to Fly.io](fly.html), a PaaS that makes clustering and distributed deployments easy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [to Fly.io](fly.html), a PaaS that deploys your servers close to your users with built-in distribution support
```

?

Reviewer 2: This is good!

Author: Love it. Thanks!
